Y
hello all welcome to ney lines if
you want to know how to make these nails with
a cow print between this follow
looking
you will need a white enamel a
black enamel velvet powder
black a cardboard or similar surface
a points tool a plate or
similar surface and a brush
makeup or something similar
we start by applying the base polish
White color
if necessary we give a new layer already
that in principle the fund has to
be well covered we prepare the
work surface laying on top
of the dish the open powders and the
paperboard
we put some black enamel in the
cardboard or similar surface and with a
points tool preferably
with a big head we are going to make some
how many random spots give you the
way you want the spots to me
they like them very good and pulling
rounded like real cows
but in any case make sure you put a
good amount of enamel so that then
stick the velvet well by reviewing
the several times
quickly before it starts to
dry the black enamel we submerge the
finger in the powder making sure that
the entire surface came into contact with
the velvet
we remove the finger from the jar and we give it
a few taps to the surface of the
nail to seat the velvet and act
followed we remove the leftover lint
with a brush simulating that we give
brush strokes
and our cow print nails
they are ready if you liked the video
comment rate and subscribe also me
I would like you to tell me if you like the
new channel design
by the way maybe you are interested too
other of my designs with print
animal until next time